Add FAQ on how to convert the SCE objects to Seurat objects (#33)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/faq.md

You can find the [function for generating a QC report](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpcaTools/blob/main/R/generate_qc_report.R) and the [QC report template documents](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpcaTools/tree/main/inst/rmd) in the package we developed for working with processed ScPCA data, [`scpcaTools`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpcaTools). 

## What if I want to use Seurat instead of Bioconductor? 

The files available for download contain [`SingleCellExperiment` objects](http://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html). 
If desired, these can be converted into Seurat objects. 

You will need to [install and load the `Seurat` package](https://satijalab.org/seurat/articles/install.html) to work with Seurat objects.

For libraries that only contain RNA-sequencing data (i.e. do not have a CITE-seq library found in the `altExp` of the `SingleCellExperiment` object), you can use the following commands:

```

> library(Seurat)

Reviewer: I think we need both, or `counts()`  & `colData()` will not work. Or we could use `SingleCellExperiment::counts(sce)` etc. 
```suggestion
library(Seurat)
library(SingleCellExperiment)
```

# grab counts matrix from the SingleCellExperiment

> counts <- as.matrix(counts(sce))

Reviewer: I don't think this conversion is required? If Seurat can handle the sparse matrix directly, it would seem better to leave it that way for memory usage.
```suggestion
counts <- counts(sce)
```

# create seurat object 

> seurat_object <- CreateSeuratObject(counts = counts, assay = "RNA",

Reviewer: If breaking onto multiple lines, I prefer all arguments on separate lines.
```suggestion
seurat_object <- CreateSeuratObject(counts = counts, 
                                    assay = "RNA",
```

>                                     project = "project_name",

Reviewer: Does the project name have to be without spaces? Or should we use a (dummy) SCPCL id?

                                    # add colData from SingleCellExperiment

>                                     meta.data = as.data.frame(colData(sce)))

Reviewer: I would suggest we get this and rowData separately along with counts...

You can find the [function for generating a QC report](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpcaTools/blob/main/R/generate_qc_report.R) and the [QC report template documents](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpcaTools/tree/main/inst/rmd) in the package we developed for working with processed ScPCA data, [`scpcaTools`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpcaTools). 

## What if I want to use Seurat instead of Bioconductor? 

The files available for download contain [`SingleCellExperiment` objects](http://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html). 
If desired, these can be converted into Seurat objects. 

You will need to [install and load the `Seurat` package](https://satijalab.org/seurat/articles/install.html) to work with Seurat objects.

For libraries that only contain RNA-sequencing data (i.e. do not have a CITE-seq library found in the `altExp` of the `SingleCellExperiment` object), you can use the following commands:

```
library(Seurat)
library(SingleCellExperiment)

# read in RDS file 
sce <- readRDS("SCPCL000000_filtered.rds")

> # grab counts matrix from SingleCellExperiment needed to build the Seurat Object
> counts <- counts(sce)
> 
> # colData and rowData will need to be converted to a data.frame to be used in the Seurat object
> cell_metadata <- as.data.frame(colData(sce))
> row_metadata <- as.data.frame(rowData(sce))
> 
> # create seurat object 
> seurat_object <- CreateSeuratObject(counts = counts, 
>                                     assay = "RNA",
>                                     project = "SCPCL000000")

Reviewer: A few lines in here were duplicated later, where I think they make more sense (after explanation of why we need them). 

I also removed pulling a separate `counts` object, as that is the biggest part, so it would be better to encourage fewer copies of that matrix.

```suggestion
# create seurat object from the SCE counts matrix
seurat_object <- CreateSeuratObject(counts = counts(sce), 
                                    assay = "RNA",
                                    project = "SCPCL000000")
```

```
The above code will only maintain information found in the original counts matrix from the `SingleCellExperiment`.
Optionally, if you would like to keep the included cell and gene associated metadata during conversion to the Seurat object you can perform the below additional steps: 

```

> # colData and rowData will need to be converted to a data.frame to be used in the Seurat object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# convert colData and rowData to data.frame for use in the Seurat object
```

cell_metadata <- as.data.frame(colData(sce))
row_metadata <- as.data.frame(rowData(sce))

# add cell metadata (colData) from SingleCellExperiment to Seurat
seurat_object@meta.data <- cell_metadata

# add row metadata (rowData) from SingleCellExperiment to Seurat 
seurat_object[["RNA"]]@meta.features <- row_metadata

# add metadata from SingleCellExperiment to Seurat
seurat_object@misc <- metadata(sce)
```

> In order to convert `SingleCellExperiment` objects from libraries that have counts from both RNA-sequencing and CITE-seq, you can use the following additional commands.
> This adds a second assay containing the CITE-seq counts and associated feature data to an existing Seurat object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `SingleCellExperiment` objects from libraries with both RNA-seq and CITE-seq data, you can use the following additional commands to add a second assay containing the CITE-seq counts and associated feature data:
```
```

```

> # create assay object in Seurat from CITE-seq counts found in altExp(SingleCellExperiment)
> cite_counts <- counts(altExp(sce))
> cite_assay <- CreateAssayObject(counts = cite_counts)

Reviewer: I'm less sold on this "simpliciation" because it does create three levels of nesting, and this object is much smaller than the RNA-seq data, but parallelism makes me want to do it this way. (also, the same level of nesting appears in the next rows)

```suggestion
# create assay object in Seurat from CITE-seq counts found in altExp(SingleCellExperiment)
cite_assay <- CreateAssayObject(counts = counts(altExp(sce)))
```

> # optional: convert rowData to data.frame for use in Seurat object
> cite_row_metadata <- as.data.frame(rowData(altExp(sce)))
> 
> # optional: add row metadata (rowData) from altExp to assay 
> cite_assay@meta.features = cite_row_metadata

Reviewer: I think we can combine these two with one comment (also changing assignment operator)
```suggestion
# optional: add row metadata (rowData) from altExp to assay 
cite_row_metadata <- as.data.frame(rowData(altExp(sce)))
cite_assay@meta.features <- cite_row_metadata
```
